update layout with new sections (#44)
Kuadrant/docs.kuadrant.io: docs/getting-started-single-cluster.md

   | `PROJECT_ID` | `my_project_id`   | ID to the google project |
   | `ZONE_NAME`       | `jbloggs-google`   | Zone name                          |
   | `ZONE_DNS_NAME` | `jbloggs.google.hcpapps.net`   | DNS name                        |
   | `LOG_LEVEL`              | `1`                     | Log level for the Controller                          |

>Alternatively, to set defaults, add the above environment variables to your `.zshrc` or `.bash_profile`.

### Set the release you want to use 

```bash
export KUADRANT_REF=v0.6.0
```

### Set Up a kind cluster and install Kuadrant

Run the following:

```bash
curl "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kuadrant/kuadrant-operator/${KUADRANT_REF}/hack/quickstart-setup.sh" | bash
```
This will setup a single kind cluster, install Istio via the `project sail` operator and install Kuadrant. Once this completes you should be able to move on to using the various policy apis offered by Kuadrant

### What's Next

The next step is to setup and use the policies provided by Kuadrant. 

> [Secure, Protect and Connect your Gateway](https://docs.kuadrant.io/kuadrant-operator/docs/how-to/secure-protect-connect/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Secure, Protect and Connect your Gateway](https://docs.kuadrant.io/kuadrant-operator/doc/user-guides/secure-protect-connect)
```
